Hello, I fulfill the request which
received a year ago
request to perform makeup with three
New Year's makeup arrows are not cute
maybe shoot this video at the end
last year so I am performing a query
just now the number of arrows i
I will reduce the fret 2 I think so more
looks harmonious, I took just white
the arrow from the original photo which is to me
you are fat sensei ra
most often on New Year's Eve we do not have
time for ourselves we either cook
then we meet guests and there is time
just to get together in a festive dress
and even if you were planning on doing what
then makeup
just does not have time for him this
makeup is done very quickly I advise it
for those who like to draw arrows who can
drawing them is actually nothing complicated in
This is not you just do your usual
makeup
just draw two arrows and arrows
it looks very festive to someone
interesting keep watching i already
put concealer and concealer to
save time my eyebrows are hidden
padded bangs
but I still make them out like a bang
move
sometimes it opens up i think that
eyebrow shaping
is an important part of makeup
no matter they are visible if
makeup should hold out longer
four hours it is desirable to put a base
under the shade my eyelashes are straight and by forceps
no makeup costs
I put my own eyelid on everything
favorite catrice 340 under eyebrow
can be applied white and matte
beige like foxy and snake
fold of the century it is our matte shade
this attacked
brush 7 e 25
your favorite black eyeliner from
essense and mowed brush paint first
arrow
I always have a napkin at hand
to wipe the brush in case
need the next entry goes blue
Avon eyeliner supershock
she is not as pigmented as
essence and loosen it a little with brush 7
to make makeup festive on top
blue arrow draw eyeliner with
silver sequins color sequins
can choose another
I paint eyelashes with mascara
on the cheeks I apply a rouge Art Deco in shade
27 he will give them a natural blush
we fix the entire makeup with powdered revlon
colorstay
the last step is to apply gloss
for lips from songs and flowers
thank you all for watching do not forget
subscribe and leave comments